PHP-OOP-Concept:
Object-oriented programming is a programming model organized around Object
rather than the actions and data rather than logic.

Class: class is an entity or a blueprint that determines how an object
will behave and what the object will contain

object: An object ia an instance of a class 

Constructor: A constructor allows you to initialize an object's properties upon creation of the object.
If you create a __construct() function, PHP will automatically call this function 
when you create an object from a class.

PHP - The __destruct Function
A destructor is called when the object is destructed or the script is stopped or exited.

If you create a __destruct() function, PHP will automatically call this function at the end of the script.

PHP - Access Modifiers
Properties and methods can have access modifiers which control where they can be accessed.

There are three access modifiers:

public - the property or method can be accessed from everywhere. This is default
protected - the property or method can be accessed within the class and by classes derived from that class
private - the property or method can ONLY be accessed within the class

Inheritance: When a existing class has it properties and methods and the new class can used it properties 
and method uisng extends keyword is know as Inheritance.

final keyword: is used to protect class inheritance and to prevent method overriding.

static Method: 
Static methods can be called directly - without creating an instance of the class first.
Static methods are declared with the static keyword:

Abstract class: 
Abstract classes and methods are when the parent class has a named method, but need its child class(es) to fill out the tasks.

An abstract class is a class that contains at least one abstract method. An abstract method is a method that is declared, but not implemented in the code.

An abstract class or method is defined with the abstract keyword:

Interface: 
 Interfaces allow you to specify what methods a class should implement.
 Interfaces make it easy to use a variety of different classes in the same way. 
 When one or more classes use the same interface, it is referred to as "polymorphism".
